---
title: Ideas
featured_image: '/images/trash.jpg'
omit_header_text: false
description: Small things that could help the fight against the crisis.
type: page
menu:
  main:
    weight: 80
---

In addition to the great [initiatives](initiatives) that are already out there, we want to collect inspiring ideas. [Email us](mailto:hi@crisisfighters.org) to add more.

## Monthly Crisis Mitigation Meetups in Hamburg and Berlin, Germany
> Meeting monthly to share the latest science and discuss strategy
The idea is to give updated overviews on global initiatives that try to change the political mainstream and influence governments. In addition to that an open discussion on how to stop the crisis could be held.


## A Global Conference on Fighting the Climate Crisis
> What strategies work in which country? How can we connect activists worldwide?
There is no global conference on mitigating the climate crisis that's open to the paying public. The UN organizes very important conferences organized by governments but there is no place for NGOs and activists to exchange strategies and most importantly to network and collaborate on a global scale.


## Decision Tree - "What can I do?" (Yet to be named)
> A beautiful interactive decision tree that lets people find out how they can save civilization

Many people ask themselves how they can help and googling that yields a lot of irrelevant info around personal consumption. While that's good and helps a tiny little bit, in reality we need to change mainstream politics globally.

This idea is to create a beautiful, fun to use web page that allows people to answer a few questions to find out how they could contribute.

Examples: Are you good at giving presentations? - Get a training as climate leader or similar. Are you a lawyer? - Join on of the many environmental litigation efforts; Do you own publicly traded stock? - Delegate your voting rights to Urgewald and similar initiatives; What city do you live in? - List of initiatives that have a local presence.

## flyGood.io
> A mobile web app that allows offsetting flights and tipping initiatives

[Climnate Stewards](https://www.climatestewards.org/offset) and [Gold Standard](https://www.goldstandard.org/impact-quantification/gold-standard-global-goals) do an excellent job at providing a scrutinized, transparent way of setting of the emissions generated by each flight. This project aims at providing an easier-to-use website to channel money to them while also allowing to "tip" organizations that actively fight to stop the climate crisis.

flyGood.io will be a mobile webapp that allows users of modern smartphones to pay for tree planting initiatives that offset their flights’ CO2e emissions.

* It uses the web payments API to allow payments in 3 clicks (no credit card data needs to be entered)
* Should provide a MyTaxi/FreeNow like interface to send a 10%, 15% or 20% tip to Fridays for Future or Extinction Rebellion (more initiatives to follow)
* Can be used by FFF activists on airports to give out buttons to travellers using it (turning flight shaming into something constructive)


### You can move this forward by helping with the implementation, Stripe and setting up a legal entity
* Technical implementation is trivial
* It’s not clear yet whether this requires a lot of book-keeping or if it can be set up without a legal entity. Please reach out if you know more!
