---
title: Ideas
featured_image: '/images/desert.jpg'
description: To support the fight
weight: 20
type: page
---

We collect inspiring ideas. [Email us](mailto:hi@crisisfighters.org) to discuss them, volunteer or add more!

# flyGood.io
> A mobile web app that allows offsetting flights and tipping initiatives

[Climate Stewards](https://www.climatestewards.org/offset) and [Gold Standard](https://www.goldstandard.org/impact-quantification/gold-standard-global-goals) do an excellent job at providing a scrutinized, transparent way of setting of the emissions generated by each flight. This project aims at providing an easier-to-use website to channel money to them while also allowing to "tip" organizations that actively fight to stop the climate crisis.

flyGood.io will be a mobile webapp that allows users of modern smartphones to pay for tree planting initiatives that offset their flights’ CO2e emissions.

* It uses the web payments API to allow payments in 3 clicks (no credit card data needs to be entered).
* Should provide a MyTaxi/FreeNow like interface to send a 10%, 15% or 20% tip to Fridays for Future or Extinction Rebellion (more initiatives to follow).
* Can be used by Fridays for Future activists on airports to give out buttons to travellers using it (turning flight shaming into something constructive).

### You can make this happen by helping with the design, implementation, Stripe or setting up a legal entity
* Technical implementation is trivial
* It’s not clear yet whether this requires a lot of book-keeping or if it can be set up without a legal entity. Please reach out if you know more!

# Platform to let startup professionals help NGOs
* Most NGOs have big needs when it comes to collecting, storing and analyzing data, project management, software engineering.
* A small organization could match up NGOs and professionals in startups. This can work bottom-up by asking people to invest their private time and top-down with senior management (e.g. companies providing office space outside work hours to employees to help NGOs or (voluntarily) allocating work time to helping NGOs).

# Monthly Crisis Mitigation Meetups in Hamburg and Berlin, Germany
> Meeting monthly to share the latest science and discuss strategy

The idea is to give updated overviews on global initiatives that try to change the political mainstream and influence governments. In addition to that an open discussion on how to stop the crisis could be held.

# A Global Festival on Fighting the Climate Crisis
> What strategies work in which country? How can we connect activists worldwide?

There is no global conference on mitigating the climate crisis that's open to the paying public. The UN organizes very important conferences organized by governments but there is no place for NGOs and activists to exchange strategies and most importantly to network and collaborate on a global scale.

# Online Volunteering Matchmaking
> A platform that allows posting project ideas and matching them to self-registered volunteers.

[VolunteerMatch](https://www.volunteermatch.org/), [crowdfightcovid19.org](https://crowdfightcovid19.org) and [helpwithcovid.com](https://helpwithcovid.com/projects) are easy to use match-making systems. It would be great to work with them or create something similar to stop the climate breakdown.

# Free-of-charge non-profit consultancy for NGOs
> Experienced professionals group together to provide NGOs with free advice.
Deploying the best groupware, structuring ideation processes, using iterative development approaches, designing solutions data-driven or customer-centric, building a data lake with beautiful visualizations - there are thousands of building blocks that are common in startups and other business environments.
NGOs are often constrained in their expenses. For many, tools, problem solving approaches and experience with tech are less in focus than for tech startups. Bringing these two worlds together allows startup professionals to improve the world with what they already know and broaden their horizon by learning how NGOs work.
And NGOs can ask for specific injections of knowledge and help from the business world at no cost.